hey chief welcome to how to open things
and pour stuff where we teach you to
start taking care of your car and stop
being that guy lesson number five how to
check your tire tread besides air tires
need traction otherwise with the
slightest drizzle you'll be skidding
around like your Labradoodle when it
tries to run on the kitchen floor modern
tires have tread wear indicators that
run perpendicular to the grooves in the
tread if the tread is worn down to where
it's flush with the indicators you need
new tires if you notice metal wires here
about six months overdue there's another
way to test your tread that doesn't
involve big words like indicators got a
quarter in your pocket alright stick
that in the groove on your tire with
George's head facing down you don't want
to see any space above Washington's head
if you do get to the tire shop go
directly there do not pass go do not
collect two hundred dollars and most
important for you do not stop for a
latte STP don't be that guy